---
title: Direct Retail Investment and Price Informativeness
author:
  - Heejin Ohn:
      institute: ou
      email: heejin-ohn@ou.edu
      correspondence: "yes"
  - Richard Price:
      institute: ou
  - Ling Zhang:
      institute: ou
institute:
  - ou:
      name: University of Oklahoma
      email: '{firstname}.{lastname}\@ou.edu'
bibliography: reference.bib
csl: jar.csl
geometry: "left=3cm,right=3cm,top=2cm,bottom=2cm"
header-includes: |
    \usepackage{setspace}
    \doublespacing
...

# Abstract
We investigate stock price informativeness during periods when firms grab attention from retail investors, in particular, who invest directly in firm stocks. We do so using an archival setting were direct investments of retail investors immediately precede or trail public discussions in investment-related social media forum. While the average price informativeness around changes in retail investment *[discuss the average result here.]*, the effect varies significantly by whether the investments preceded or trailed social media discussions that gathered retail investor attention. *[**maybe** add cross-sectional result here.] Our study adds to the discussion on how market participation of less sophisticated investors affects the informativeness of equity market prices.
<!-- add keywords -->

# Introduction {#sec:intro}
Prior studies have debated how direct investment of less sophisticated investors may affect the market price informativeness (@). On one hand, direct investment from less sophisticated investors may lack information value and result in price movements less driven by information. Alternatively, these investors can serve the role of noise traders, increasing chances that more sophisticated investors trade on information while exploiting the increased liquidity (@Kyle1985). Lastly, some unsophisticated investors may hold valuable information and induce other less informed investors to corroborate (@Nofsinger1999). An empirical examination of this question was hindered by the difficulty of identifying direct investment of less sophisticated investors (@Boehmer2017) and by the lack of means to identify the motivation behind these direct investments. We investigate this question by using periods direct retail investment can be closely tied to retail investors' public discussion of specific firms, either closely before or after the investment.

Examining direct investment by retailers is particularly relevant concerning the recent changes in equity market composition (@).<!-- add more cites from Trello background readings here --> Bloomberg Intelligence provided an estimate in 2020 that recent surges in retail stock trading volume have rendered retail investors as a group to become the second-largest composition only next to equity market makers. Our investigation enhances our understanding how price informativeness might change in this new equity market environment.

We use two emprical approaches to overcome challenges in our investigation. While prior studies (@)identify innovative methods to identify trading volumes of equity investors

# Reference{-}



